---
title: Shadowrun Session 4 - Bothering Hotel Guests
category: Shadowrun
tags: [shadowrun, nebual, rpg]
---

Forced to seek other options, our team opted to further explore the remaining
doors of the staff floor.

Upon hearing the sounds of papers being shuffled, Rob
readied his sidearm and breached the room, only to find a paper shuffling robot
hard at work. After a quick traversal of its remote interface, Rob asked the
robot to display any documents pertaining to Fiona since 7:30PM the night
before, revealing the Hotel Guest Requests Report.

Reviewing the document, the team discerned that there was a strange connection
between rooms 403 and 409, and decided to investigate. Neil knocked on the
heavily secured door of 403, only to find himself at a loss for words, resulting
in a quick flight down the hallway and a rather confused guest. When Michelle
inquired as to why 409 requested the keycard for room 403, the owner of 409
proceeded to apologize for bothering the hotel with the conflicted request.
Hoping to have more luck on the 5th floor, Rob knocked at room 501, whose
occupant complained at length about the hotel's not implemented ensuite facial
surgery. Realizing rooms 400 and 418 were similarly likely to be merely HTTP
status code jokes, they turned to their next best guess: room 805 ordered a
Creme Brulee.

Finding their knock unanswered, a maglock sequencer was employed to get past the
door's electronic defences. The resulting room contained scattered electronics
and cables, including a disassembled hairdryer and the remains of a Creme
Brulee dish. Hoping to gain more intelligence, they hacked into the room's
camera system, but any useful footage had been transferred to the hotel's
security centre.

Returning to the basement, the crew applied gave a stimulant to their previously
incapacitated hotel attendant, hoping to interrogate him. He revealed the
contact info for the Captain of Security for the hotel, and was then forced into
a phone conversation with him, where he informed the captain of a possible
break-in at room 805. Once the captain entered the elevator, Rob locked it,
allowing the team to quickly overtake him. The captain came along without
complaint, and was coerced into unlocking the security centre and thus providing
full video footage access.

The recordings at 11:30PM showed Fiona backing out of her room, followed by a
blurred individual the camera could not pick up. The two figures walked calmly
to the elevator, Fiona chattering away, and ascended to the rooftop where a
small helicopter awaited them. On all camera angles, the second figure remained
indiscernible: some tech was obscuring his form for the camera.

When they returned to the hotel lobby, they spotted a security force assembling,
no doubt seeking their Captain. Sensing an opening, Rambo walked past them,
casually carrying a potted plant. With the rest of the team stuck with the
elevator, a fire alarm was triggered to provide cover for their escape.

Once in the van, a call was made to their Mr. Johnson, to update him on the
current progress. He was able to fill in that given the circumstances at
11:30PM, a likely suspect for this second kidnapping is Fiona's step uncle. An
eccentric man who made his fortune inventing a bookkeeping and paper sorting
robot, he recently purchased the old Victoria Airport, where rumours suggest he
is developing experimental new robots.

The team prepare themselves for an infiltration.

-- Nebual
